README.md, before:

# Braintree Android SDK

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/braintree/braintree_android.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/braintree/braintree_android)

Welcome to Braintree's Android SDK. This library will help you accept card and alternative payments in your Android app.

## Documentation

Start with [**'Hello, Client!'**](https://developers.braintreepayments.com/start/hello-client/android/v2) for instructions on basic setup and usage.

Next, read the [**full documentation**](https://developers.braintreepayments.com/guides/overview) for information about integration options, such as Drop-In UI, PayPal and credit card tokenization.

## Help

* [Read the docs](https://developers.braintreepayments.com/guides/overview)
* Find a bug? [Open an issue](https://github.com/braintree/braintree_android/issues)
* Want to contribute? [Check out contributing guidelines](CONTRIBUTING.md) and [submit a pull request](https://help.github.com/articles/creating-a-pull-request).

## Feedback

The Braintree Android SDK is in active development, we welcome your feedback!

Here are a few ways to get in touch:

* [GitHub Issues](https://github.com/braintree/braintree_android/issues) - For generally applicable issues and feedback
* [Braintree Support](https://articles.braintreepayments.com/) / [support@braintreepayments.com](mailto:support@braintreepayments.com) -
for personal support at any phase of integration

## Releases

Subscribe to our [Google Group](https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/braintree-sdk-announce) to
be notified when SDK releases go out.

## License

The Braintree Android SDK is open source and available under the MIT license. See the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for more info.

Commit message:

Add gradle dependencies to README.md

README.md, after:

# Braintree Android SDK

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/braintree/braintree_android.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/braintree/braintree_android)

Welcome to Braintree's Android SDK. This library will help you accept card and alternative payments in your Android app.

## Adding It To Your Project

Add the dependency in your `build.gradle`:

```groovy
dependencies {
  compile 'com.braintreepayments.api:braintree:2.5.4'
}
```

To use the latest build from the `master` branch use:

```groovy
dependencies {
  compile 'com.braintreepayments.api:braintree:2.5.5-SNAPSHOT'
}
```

## Documentation

Start with [**'Hello, Client!'**](https://developers.braintreepayments.com/start/hello-client/android/v2) for instructions on basic setup and usage.

Next, read the [**full documentation**](https://developers.braintreepayments.com/guides/overview) for information about integration options, such as Drop-In UI, PayPal and credit card tokenization.

## Help

* [Read the docs](https://developers.braintreepayments.com/guides/overview)
* Find a bug? [Open an issue](https://github.com/braintree/braintree_android/issues)
* Want to contribute? [Check out contributing guidelines](CONTRIBUTING.md) and [submit a pull request](https://help.github.com/articles/creating-a-pull-request).

## Feedback

The Braintree Android SDK is in active development, we welcome your feedback!

Here are a few ways to get in touch:

* [GitHub Issues](https://github.com/braintree/braintree_android/issues) - For generally applicable issues and feedback
* [Braintree Support](https://articles.braintreepayments.com/) / [support@braintreepayments.com](mailto:support@braintreepayments.com) -
for personal support at any phase of integration

## Releases

Subscribe to our [Google Group](https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/braintree-sdk-announce) to
be notified when SDK releases go out.

## License

The Braintree Android SDK is open source and available under the MIT license. See the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for more info.
